---
title: 英语短信
date: 2022-01-06 14:15:23
categories:
  - 学术知识积累
mathjax: true
---

该文为学习笔记，仅作学习参考，如有错误，望指正！

<!--more-->

#	一.	Example - two letter writing formats

```
正文：
第一部分是信的开头：亮明正身，表明来意；
第二部分是信的核心和主要内容：理由，例证，构思，亮点；
第三部分是信的结尾：感谢，期待，expect，reply；
```



Dear Kate,

​		I wonder if you can lend me your MLA Handbook for Academic Writing. I am in the process of writing my graduation thesis, and need to consult the book now and then for standard formatting. Thus I might need to keep the book for about a month and a half, and I hope that will not bring any inconvenience to you. I assure you that I will maintain the book in good condition.

​		If possible, please give me a call and I will come by your house to pick up the book. Thanks a lot.

<p align="right">Yours,</p>
<p align="right">Judy</p>

---

Dear Kate,

I wonder if you can lend me your MLA Handbook for Academic Writing. I am in the process of writing my graduation thesis, and need to consult the book now and then for standard formatting. Thus I might need to keep the book for about a month and a half, and I hope that will not bring any inconvenience to you. I assure you that I will maintain the book in good condition.

If possible, please give me a call and I will come by your house to pick up the book. Thanks a lot.

<p align="right">Yours,</p>
<p align="right">Judy</p>



#	二.	辞职信 / Letter of Resignation

辞职：resign；

身份：职员，年轻人；

岗位：现状，职责；

原因：busy，salary，胜任，不合适，dislike，interest；



**写作三步走：**说明原因，表达遗憾或感谢，期待回复或批准；

Tips：语气中肯，心情表达遗憾，对boss表达感激；

**相关词汇：**

resign xxx（resignation）；提前：in hance；提交：submit；离开（岗位）：withdraw from ...；accept sincere apology；

**例句（仅参考）：**

1. 我写此信的目的是告诉您我决定辞职。

   I'm writing to inform you of my decision to resign from my current position.

2. 我发现我自己不适合在这里作经理，原因如下。

   I find it inappropriate for me to take the position as a manager here for the following reasons.

3. 因此，经过深思熟虑我决定辞职。

   Therefore, I have decided to quit the job after much deliberation.

4. 我觉得很难适应加班。

   I do feel that it is not easy for me to get used to the extra work.

5. 我大学所学的知识无法胜任在 ... 工作。

   What I have learned in university cannot meet the requirement of being.

6. 过去两年里，我一直都很享受 ... 工作

   It has been my genuine pleasure to work for ... during these last two years.

7. 我想接受新的挑战，与不同行业的人打交道。

   I would like to take a new challenge and I want to meet people from all works of life.

8. 我已经决定从事一份晋升机会更多，薪水更丰厚的工作。

   I have decided to accept a post that will give me greater possibilities for promotion and a fat rise.

```
解析：
inappropriate：不合适的；
deliberation：考虑；
post：岗位；
```



##	0.	辞职信模板

Dear $\underline{\text{xxx}}$,

I'm writing to inform you of my resignation from the current position.

Although I really appreciate the invaluable experience working here, I gradually find $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.Therefore $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

I would like to thank you for $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. Should there be any inconvenience and trouble caused by my resignation, I am sorry indeed.

<p align="right">Yours faithfully,</p>
<p align="right">LiMing</p>

```
解析：
invaluable experience：宝贵的经验；
```



##	1.	2005 real question

**Directions：**

​    Two months ago you got a job as an editor for the magazine Design & Fashion. But now you find that the work is not what you expected. You decide to quit. Write a letter to your boss, Mr. Wang, telling him your decision, and starting your reason(s).

​    You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

​    Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use "Li Ming" instead.

​    Do not write the address.

```
解析：
Two months ago：两个月前
an editor for the magazine Design & Fashion：杂志编辑职位
find that the work is not what you expected：工作不理想
decide to quit：决定辞职
letter to your boss, Mr. Wang, telling him your decision, and starting your reason(s)：写信告诉王老板你的决定和辞职原因。
```

**小作文答题如下：**

**ANSWER 1**

Dear Mr. Wang,

I am writing this letter to apologize that I plan to quit the position as an editor of your magazine for the reason of myself.

During the time of working here, I have been deeply impressed by the kindness and diligence of all colleagues. But meanwhile, I have come to realize that the job probably is not suitable for me, because I want a more downshifting and peaceful life. I also find that I am not able to devote all my efforts to a job which I do not really like.

So I am awfully sorry to tell you my decision to quit. Please accept my sincere apologizes.

<p align="right">Yours faithfully,</p>
<p align="right">LiMing</p>

**ANSWER 2：**

Dear Mr. Wang,

I am writing this letter to inform you of my intention of withdrawing from my current position in this message.

Though having worked here for merely two months, I, unfortunately, find that this job is quite different from my expectations. First of all, I have to say that my salary is far from satisfying, which barely sustains me in urban. Moreover, so far I have never had the responsibility of any challenging task.

I apologize in advance for any inconvenience it might bring to you.

<p align="right">Yours faithfully,</p>
<p align="right">LiMing</p>

**ANSWER 3：**

Dear Mr. Wang,

I am writing to inform you of my resignation from my current position. I have two weeks prior to my departure for the transition process.

Although I really appreciate the invaluable experience working here. I gradually find that being an editor is not as challenging as I expected. In addition, I do feel that it is not easy for me to get used to the extra work and night shift. Therefore, I have accepted an offer by another company which I feel better suited to my career objectives.

I would like to thank you for the experience of having worked for Design & Fashion. SHould there be any inconvenience and trouble caused by my resignation, I am sorry indeed.

<p align="right">Yours faithfully,</p>
<p align="right">LiMing</p>

```
解析：
prior：在前的；
get used to：习惯于；
night shift：夜班；
career objectives：职业目标；
```



#	三.	求职信（禁止浮夸）

**相关词汇：**

简历：resume；潜在的：potential；空缺的：vacant（want）；附寄：enclose；条件：qualification；教育背景：educational background；相关行业：relevant industry；

**例句（仅参考）：**

1. 我写信的目的是表达我对 ... 职位的浓厚兴趣。

   I am writing you this letter to show my keen interest in the position of ......

2. 我的专业和工作经历与贵公司的要求十分吻合。

   My major and experiences closely parallel your require ments.

3. 在您方便的时候，我想尽早与您相见，我是否有能力效力于贵公司。

   I would like to meet you at your earlist convenience and discuss the possibility of working with your company.

4. 我确信自己符合广告中详细列出的应聘条件。

   I am sure that I meet the qualifications you specified in your advertisment.

5. 从 ...（日期）... 报上得知贵公司招聘一位 ... ，特应聘此岗位。

   With reference to your advertisement in ......(newspaper) of (date) for a ......, I offer myself for the post.

6. 本人想了解目前贵公司 ... 职位是否有空缺。

   I would like to inquire whether there is at present a vancancy of ...... in your company.

7. 愿意提供任何有关本人教育背景及职业经历的更多信息。

   I shall be glad to provide you with further information concerning my educational background and professional experience.

```
解析：
specified：规定，指定；
inquire：询问；
vancancy：空缺；
```



##	0.	求职信模板

Dear xxx,

I have became aware $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$ that you are seeking people qualified to fill the vacancy for $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

I convinced that $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. I major in $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. Furthmore $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

My resume and list of reference are available upon request. I appreciate your time and consideration and looking forward to meeting you in the near future.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
reference：介绍信；
available：有效的；
```



##	1.	写作范文：大四的Ads在北京日报上看到有招聘经纪人的助理

Dear Madam / Sir,

I have become aware though your advertisement in Beijing Today [for accounting manager assistant] that you are seeking people qualified to fill the vacancy for accounting manager assistant. I am convinced that I would like to apply for the position.

I major in accounting in my university as I am, I have spent several summers interning with a firm in Beijing. Furthermore, three-years experience in the Students' Union will surely enable me to get accustomed to the new circumstances and get on well with colleagues.

My resume and list of references are available upon request. I appreciate your time and consideration, and $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
I major in accounting in my university as I am：大学主修计算机；
interning：实习；
accustomed：习惯；
```



#	四 .	请求信 / Letter of Request

身份：由下对上；



写作三步走：

1. 介绍自己，提出请求；
2. 说明原因，描述事项；
3. 表达谢意，期盼答复；

Tips：对不认识得人一定要做好自我介绍；



例句（仅参考）：

1. I am writing to apply for a scholarship in your university in order that I could ......
2. If my application could be taken into favorable consideration, I would be grately most greatful.
3. I'm writing in the hope that I may obtain an opportunity to further my study in ...... toward ...... degree in your university.
4. I'm writing to express my keen interest in the ...... launched recently by ...... and I would like to apply as a qualified candidate.
5. I am writing this letter to recommend myself as a qualified candidate for ......
6. I am writing this letter to recommend myself as a qualified candidate for .......
7. I will certainly feel honored if I could be admitted to your university, which, renowned for ...... its long history and a fine tradition of scholarship, enjoys a worldwide fame.

```
解析：
renowned：有声望的；
```



##	0.	请求信模板

Dear $\underline{\text{Mr./Sir/Madam}}$,

I am writing to you in the hope of $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. I would like to know more details about $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

If $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$, I will / can $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

I'm eagerly looking forward to your reply and your kind help would be greatly appreciated.

<p align="right">Yours Faithfully,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

模板使用示例：

Dear Sir / Madam,

I am writing to you in the hope of obtaining the scholarship that your university may be offering to students from other countries. I would like to know more details about it.

I am an undergraduate student in Fudan University, I major in $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$ and have done some research during my study years. I am applying for entrance to your esteemed institution in pursuit of a Master's degree. I am one of the four students who have earned A's on the entrance examination. If I am granted the scholarship, I can spare more energy and time on my study without worrying much about maintenance and tuition fees.

I am eagerly looking forward to your reply. And your kind help would be greatly appreciated.

<p align="right">Yours Faithfully,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
esteemed institution：贵机构；
pursuit：追求；
maintenance and tuition fees：生活费及学费；
```



##	1.	2006 real question

**Directions:**

​    You want to contribute to Project Hope by offering financial aid to a child in a remote area. Write a letter to the department concerned, asking them to help find a candidate. You should specify what kind of child you want to help and how you will carry out your plan.

​    You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

​    Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use "Li Ming" instead.

​    Do not write the address.

```
解析：
contribute to Project Hope：致力于希望工程
by offering financial aid：提供经济援助
a child in a remote area：偏远山区的孩子
the department concerned：写信给有关部门
find a condidate：寻找候选人
specify what kind of child you want to help and how you will carry out your plan：指定帮助什么样的孩子以及援助手段
```

**小作文答题如下：**

**ANSWER 1：**

To whom it may concern,

My name is Liming, a college student of Peking University, and I am writing in the hope of your assistance to find/search a needy child for whom I may provide financial aid/support.

First and foremost, I would like to declare that I possess the financial ability to implement this plan owing to my decent income from part-time jobs. As to the candidate, I am hoping that he/she comes from an elementary school of the less developed areas of Western China, who is forced out of school. I would like to pay for his/her tuition and other school expenses until he/she graduates from university/(high school) post-graduate.

Thank you for your time. Looking forward to your early reply.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

**ANSWER 2：**

To whom it may concern,

I am writing this letter to ask if there is a child in need of financial sponsorship through the Project Hope.

I am willing to offer financial aid to a child without stable sources of education fees in paverty-stricken areas, especially those whose academic performance is excellent. To accomplish my goal, I have already begun to save the necessary financial aid required two years ago, and I commit myself to continue. And I would like to keep informed of the academic progress of each student.

I hope that my application will get your consideration.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

#	五.	建议信 / Letter of Advice

提出 "看法，建议，忠告"；

**写作三步走：**

​		方法一：1. 写信的目的；2. 肯定优点的基础上提出自己的看法建议；3. 希望对方采纳；

​		方法二：1. 自我介绍，说明目的；委婉提出改进措施或忠告；3. 礼貌总结，期盼回复；

**相关词汇：**

反馈：feedback；建议：suggestion，advise；推荐：recommend；可行的：feasible；建议：proposal（提议）；有益的：beneficial；明智的：wise；

**例句（仅参考）：**

1. 但是对你而言，我强烈推荐...

   However, to you, I highly / strongly recommend ...

2. 如果你能认真学习 ...，我相信你的 ... 能力将极大提高。

   If you can make careful study of ... , I am convinced that your skills of ... will be greatly enhanced / boosted / improved.

3. 我写信谈谈关于 ... 的看法。

   I am writing to express my views concerning ...

4. 就 ... 一事你征询我的意见，我会尽量给出有建设性的意见。

   You have asked me for my advice with regard to ... , and I will try to make some constructive suggestion.

5. 我认为如果 ... 将会有益。

   I feel that it will bw beneficial if ...

6. 我愿意就此事的细节进行进一步讨论。

   I would be ready to discuss this issue / matter to further details.

7. 作为一名大一新生，我觉得有义务对 ... 问题提出建议。

   Freshman as I am, I feel that it is my abligation to make some suggestion concerning ...



##	0.	建议信模板

Dear $\underline{\text{(xxx)}}$, / To whom it may concern,

As $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$, I am writing this letter to express my views concerning $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. Although $\underline{\text{( 肯定 )}}$, there is still much room for improvement. For instance, $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. 

In view of these facts, I would like to make the following suggestions. First, $\underline{\text{( 到位 )}}$. Second, $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. Last but not least, $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

I hope you will find these suggestions hopeful. Thank you for your time.

<p align="right">Faithfully yours,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
For instance：例如；
```



模板使用示例：大学图书馆

Dear Mr. principal,

As a student of our university, I'm writing this letter to express my views concerning the service of our library. Although we have benefited enormously from our library, there is still a lot of room to improve. For instance, many books in the library are totally absolete and some of the librarians are ill-mannered. 

In view of these facts, I would like to make the following suggestions. First, more books should be purchased according to the students' needs, especially the ones on $\underline{\text{( 专业1 )}}$ and $\underline{\text{( 专业2 )}}$（Economics and Communication major）. Second, students should be given the right to evaluate the librarians, which will be concerned with their income/bonus.

I hope you will find these suggestions hopeful. Thank you for your time.

<p align="right">Faithfully yours,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
enormously：极大地；
absolete：陈旧的；
evaluate：评价，评估；
```



##	1.	2007 real question

**Directions:**

​    Write a letter to your university library, making suggestion for improving its service.

​    You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

​    Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use "Li Ming" instead. 

​    Do not write the address.

```
解析：
	to your university library：给学校图书馆
	suggestion：建议
	improving its service：提升服务
```

**小作文答题如下：**

**ANSWER 1：**

Dear Mr. president,

I am a student in our university who regularly comes to the library to spend my spare time. Generally speaking, the services your offer are quite good. However, I have some insufficient suggestions for you.

Firstly, it will be greatly appreciated if you could prolong the time for reading. Because in the daytime, most of the students are having classes, and they cannot come to the library. Moreover, since some of the books on shelves are outdated. It is advisable for you to provide us with some new books, such as the latest magazines.

I hope that you will find the above suggestions practical.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

**ANSWER 2：**

Dear Mr. president,

As a student of our university, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation for your kind assistance as always. Meanwhile, I feel that it would be beneficial to propose my views concerning the quality of the library service.

In the first place, I find that most keyboards of the library computers are in poor condition, which brings much inconvenience to the users. I would also recommend the library to improve the efficiency of purchasing new books and subscribing to academic journals. Last but not least, the study rooms need to be furnished with a better lighting system.

Thank you for your time. I hope that you take my suggestions into serious consideration.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

##	2.	2009 real question

**Directions:**

​    Restrictions on the use of plastic bags have not been so successful in some regions. "White pollution" is still going ong. Write a letter to the editor(s) of your local newspaper to 

  		1) give your opinions briefly and
  		2) make two or three suggestions

​    You should write about 100 words. Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use " Li Ming" instead. You do not need to write the address.

```
解析：
	Restrictions：限制
	regions：地区
	White pollution：白色污染
```

**小作文答题如下：**

Dear editor,

I am writing the letter in purpose of drawing your attention to the fact that some people still use plastic bags in spite of restrictions on the use of them, and I will try to make some conducive recommendations concerning the white pollution.

In my humble opinion, to eradicate the phenomenon of widespread white pollution, it would be wise to take the following actions. Above all, the public should keep in mind to foster consciousness of the negative influence of frequent use plastic bags. Besides, there is no doubt that the authorities should strengthen the enforcement of the laws to completely ban the improper use of plastic bags.

I hope you will find these proposals useful, and I would be ready to discuss this matter with you to further details. Your prompt attention to my recommendations will be highly appreciated.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



##	3.	2014 real question

**Directions:**

Write a letter of about 100 words to the president of your university, suggesting how to improve student's physical condition.

​		You should include the details you think necessary.

​		Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use "Li Ming" instead.

​		Do not write the address.(10 points)

```
解析：给学校写信提升学生生活质量
```

**小作文答题如下：**

Dear Mr. President，

It is my great honor to write to you. As far as I am concerned, we have enough extraordinary lectures and what we need now is physical exercise.

Since most of the time is spent in watching TV and playing computer games, our physical conditions are not good enough. I still have some suggestions for you. To begin with, our university should arrange more PE classes. To continue, we should have a fixed schedule for a certain time of outdoor activity. What is more, teaching faculty should be involved in the same kind of physical exercise.

I hope that our university could take the responsibility for our students' physical health. I will be highly grateful if you could take my suggestions into count.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



##	4.	写作范文：倡议信

To whom it may concern,

I, Li Fang, am a senior of Peking University. As a volunteer of $\underline{\text{(可自行补充内容)}}$ , I am writing to advocate bus-taking.

We can see that bus-taking has many advantages. In terms of environment protection, it reduces wast-gas emissions from private cars. Besides, it helps cut down energy consumption. More importantly, this method can ease traffic jams and lower our transport fees. Generally speaking, bus-taking helps promote the harmony between human being and nature.

Let's make joint efforts to create a $\underline{\text{green}}$ and $\underline{\text{harmonious}}$ environment. Your cooperation would be much appreciated.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
I, Li Fang, am a senior of Peking University.：我，李芳，是北京大学的一名大四学生。
As a volunteer of ... ：作为 ... 的志愿者；
I am writing to advocate bus-taking.：我写信是为了提倡乘坐公共汽车；
We can see that ... ：我们可以看到 ...；
many advantages：诸多优势；
In terms of environment protection, it reduces wast-gas emissions from private cars.：在环保方面，减少私家车废气排放；
Besides, it helps cut down energy consumption.：此外，它有助于减少能源消耗；
More importantly, this method can ease traffic jams and lower our transport fees.：更重要的是，这种方法可以缓解交通拥堵，降低我们的运输费用；
Generally speaking, bus-taking helps promote the harmony between human being and nature.：一般来说，乘坐公共汽车有助于促进人与自然的和谐；
Let's make joint efforts to create a green and harmonious environment.：让我们共同努力，营造绿色和谐的环境；
```



##	5.	写作范文

Dear Lucy,

You asked me for some advice on how to prepare for a successful interview and I will try to offer some useful information/tips.

First of all, find out all the information you can about the company before you go to the interview. Secondly, practice you answers to common questions and make a list of questions to ask, too. It will make you feel more confident and relaxed. Thirdly, try to make the best impression: dress appropriated, sell your strengths, arrive early, be enthusiastic, shake hands firmly, be an active listener, sit up straight and maintain eye contact. Finally, do not forget to say "thank you" after interview.

I hope you will find these suggestions helpful. Good luck!

<p align="right">Faithfully yours,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
You asked me for some advice on how to ...：你问我一些关于如何做 ... 的建议；
first of all：首先；
Secondly：其次；
Thirdly：第三；
try to make the best impression: dress appropriated, sell your strengths, arrive early, be enthusiastic, shake hands firmly, be an active listener, sit up straight and maintain eye contact.：努力给人留下最好的印象：着装得体，卖力，早到，热情，坚定地握手，积极倾听，坐直并保持眼神交流；
Finally：最后；
```



##	6.	写作范文

To whom it may concern,

My name is Li Ming, a student from The Affiliated High School of Peking University. Thrilling to hear that Peking University will hold an academic summer camp this year, I'm writing immediately to recommend myself to be a member of this reputable event.

As being a student of Grade Three of Senior High School under the same teaching environment, I can have a deeper comprehension about the activity and can be a qualified candidate. In addition, I have wonderful interpersonal skills to integrate this perfect educational atmosphere. More importantly, for me, it is an extraordinary opportunity that I can exchange mone academic perspective us with excellent scholarship to improve myself.

If you need any further information about my qualifications, enclosed is my resume that outlines in detail. Your early reply will be highly appreciated.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



#	六.	祝贺信+建议信

写作三步走：

1. 说明事由，表达衷心祝贺；
2. 展开评论，赞扬收信人；
3. 再次表达良好祝愿；

Tips： 1. 努力；2. 能力；3. 前景；



例句（仅参考）：

1. I believe ... will be a new beginning, a chance for you to embrace a broader prospect.
2. I wish you good luck in the pursuit of a brilliant career.
3. Please accept my heartiest congratulation on ...

```
解析：
embrace：拥抱；
pursuit：追求；
brilliant：灿烂的，辉煌的；
```



##	0.	祝贺信+建议信模板

Dear xxx,

I am thrilled to know that $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$ . Please allow me give my most sincere congratulations on this exciting occasion.

As you $\underline{\text{( 回忆 )}}$. I $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. And it is $\underline{\text{( 强调 )}}$. It means $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

I take this opportunity to express my best wishes to you. Wish you $\underline{\text{( 未来 )}}$.



##	1.	2011 real question

**Direction：**

Suppose your cousin, Liming, has just been admitted to a university, write him/her a letter to

1. congratulate him/her, and
2. give him/her suggestions on how to get prepared for university life.

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use "Zhang Wei" instead.

Do not write your address.（10 points）

```
解析：
suppose：假设
been admitted to a university：被大学录取；
congratulate him/her：道贺；
suggestions on how to get prepared for university life：关于如何为大学生活做准备的建议；

建议：
扩展知识，增强体魄，充实业务；
library，gym，spare-time；
```

**小作文答题如下：**

Dear Li Ming,

Congratulations on your admittance to the university you've dreamed about! I am absolutely delighted to learn that you have just been admitted to Stanford University.

I know there was fierce competition this year but your diligence and perseverance definitely paid off. I'd like to offer you several proposals on how to prepare for your university life. Above all, I do recommend you to take advantage of the library in your university beside the normal curriculum. In addition, I believe that you may spare your free-time for three main activities building your body, expanding your knowledge, and communicating with your friends and family.

I wish you further success in future and hope you will invite me to your graduation ceremony four years later.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Zhang Wei</p>

```
解析：
delighted：高兴；
diligence and perseverance：勤勉且坚定；
Above all：首先；
normal curriculum：日常课程；
graduation ceremony：毕业典礼；
```



#	八.	道歉信 / Letter of Apology

错事：失误，大意；错过：邀请；歉意；

**写作三步走：**

1. 表歉意；2. 说明原因，提出补救方法，再次致歉，希望原谅；

Tips：诚挚，真实；

**相关词汇：**

道歉：apologize（apology）；补偿：compensate；补救：remedy；不便：inconvenience；保证：guarantee；

**例句（仅参考）：**

1. 让我感到极为遗憾的是自己不能 ...

   Much to my regret that I am unable to ......

2. 请原谅我不能 ...

   Kindly excuse me for my not being able to ......

3. 我向您道歉。

   I owe you an apology.

4. 别让我们之间存在哪怕一点点儿误解。

   Let's not put a little misunderstand between us.

5. 我希望对此事的处理能满足你的愿望。

   I hope that the settlement of the matter will meet your wishes.

6. 我真心希望你能理解，我并非有意冒犯。

   I sincerely hope you can understood that I offend to unintentional.

```
解析：
offend：冒犯；
unintentional：非故意的；
```



##	0.	道歉信模板

Dear xxx,

I am excessively sorry that I must apologize for $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

I'm afraid what I have done has caused much inconvenience to you. In order to $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$, I will $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

Please accept my most cordial and humblest apology. I do hope you $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$ and excuse me for $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

```
解析：
excessively：极度；
cordial：诚恳的；
humblest：最卑微的；
excuse：原谅；
```



##	1.	2008 real question

**Directions：**

You have just come back from Canada and found a music CD in your luggage that you forgot to return to Bob, your landlord there. Write him a letter to

1) make an apology and
2) suggest a solution.

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use "Li Ming" instead.

Do not write the address.(10 points)

```
解析：
landlord：房东；
apology：道歉；
suggest a solution：解决方案；
```

**小作文答题如下：**

Dear Bob,

I am writing to express my deepest apology, because I had forgotten to return your music CD before I came back.（道歉+原因，干了什么；）

Several days ago, I borrowed it when I lived in your house. Unfortunately, just now I found it in my baggage. I was in such a hurry that I forgot to return it to you. To make up for the issue, I will send it to you by EMS. If necessary, I will compensate for any trouble I made it may cause.（简述错因+补救方法；）

Once again, I feel so regretful for any inconvenience caused. Please accept my apologies.（再次道歉+希望谅解；）

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
in such a hurry：匆忙中；
make up：弥补；
compensate：补偿；
```



##	2.	升级道歉

**Directions:**

You are invited to a dinner at a friend's house, but you are not able to attend because of the preparation for a coming examination. Write a letter to your friends to express your apology, explain your reason, and suggest a meeting at another time.

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use "Li Ming" instead.

Do not write the address.(10 points)

```
解析：
invited to a dinner at a friend's house：被邀请到朋友家吃晚饭
not able to attend：无法参加；
the preparation for a coming examination：为即将到来的考试做准备；
express your apology, explain your reason, and suggest a meeting at another time：表达你的歉意，解释你的理由，并建议在另一个时间见面；
be occupied with：被占用；
don't hesitate to drop me a line：别犹豫给我写信；
do long for：渴望；
```

**小作文答题如下：**

Dear Molly,

Thank you for your invitation to dinner at your home tomorrow evening. Unfortunately, it is much to my regret that I cannot join you and your family, because I will be occupied with an vital / crucial / significant / essential examination coming the day after tomorrow.（拒绝邀请+道歉）

I feel terribly sorry for missing the opportunity of such a happy get-together, and I hope all of you enjoy a good time. Is it possible for you and me to have a private meeting afterward?（补救措施）

If so, please don't hesitate to drop me a line about your preferable date. Please allow me to say sorry again. I do long for a pleasant chat with you.（道歉）

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
get-together：聚会；
afterward：之后；
drop me a line：写信给我；
```



##	3.	写作范文

Dear John,

I am eagerly looking forward your visit to my city. After all these years of writing each other, I cannot wait to see you. However, I regret to inform you that I will not able to meet you at the airport on time.

The reason is that your flight will arrive early in the morning, and the earliest I can reach the airport will be about an hour after you land because my car broke down on me. Will you please wait for me in the arrival lounge? You can have breakfast while you wait.

By the way, as we have ever met, I must tell you how to identify me. I am of 185cm tall and have a long hair. In addition, I will wear a white skirt and carry China Daily at hand. Hope we can meet soon.

<p align="right">Faithfully yours,</p>
<p align="right">LiFing</p>

```
解析：
broke down：抛锚；
arrival lounge：候客厅；
China Daily：中国时报；
```



##	4.	写作范文：无法参加好友生日会

Dear Sarah,

I am terribly sorry to tell you that I am unable to attend your birthday party next Thursday evening.

That is owing to the fact that my younger sister suddenly fell ill and was taken to hospital this morning. I have to go there immediately and take care of her. (As told by the doctor in charge, it will take around five days for her to recover and I have my boss for a leave.)

I really regret that I cannot go to celebrate your special day personally, and would miss the perfect chance of enjoying myself with all our old friends. I have chosen a special gift for you, and will send it to you tomorrow to show my best wishes.

<p align="right">Faithfully yours,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
in charge：在...看管下；
```



#	九.	感谢信 / Letter of Thanks

**写作三步走：**

1. 表达感激，appreciated，gratitude；
2. 说明原因，提及细节：曾受对方help；
3. 再次感谢，表达汇报；

**相关词汇**：

感激：gratitude；热情的：hospitality（极好）；take the opportunity；衷心：faithful / sincere；感恩的：indebted；报答：reciprocate, obliged；

**例句（仅参考）：**

1. 就 ... 能够表达我对你衷心感谢，我感到非常高兴。

   It is my pleasure to show my heartfelt thanks to you for ......

2. 再次感谢您的好意，希望有机会回报你的盛情款待。

   Thank you again for your kindness and I hope that I will reciprocate your warming/keen hospitality.

3. 正是您不遗余力的帮助我才得以获得 ... 这个绝佳的机会。

   It is your unreserved help that enables me to acquire/attain/obtain this splendid opportunity of ......

4. 感激之情无以言表。

   I appreciate it more than I can do.

5. 我借此机会对你给予的帮助表达我深深的感激之情。

   I take this opportunity to express my deep appreciation for the kind assistance you rendered me.

6. 我对 ... 深表谢意。

   I wish to express my profound appreciation for ......

7. 感谢你在 ... 期间给予我无私的帮助。

   I am obliged to you for your unselfish assistance during ......

```
解析：
reciprocate：报答；
unreserved：坦白的，无限制的；
acquire：获得；
rendered：提出，放弃，报答；
profound：深厚的；
```



##	0.	感谢信模板

Dear $\underline{\text{( xxx )}}$,

I would like to convey in this letter my heartfelt thanks to you for $\underline{\text{( looking after me when I visited Landon last week )}}$.

Without your help, $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. $( 发挥[正因为] ) \underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

Many thanks again for $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. I hope I will have a chance to $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.



模板使用示例：

Dear Mr. Johnson,

I would like to convey in this letter my heartfelt thanks to you for looking after me when I visited London last week.

Without your help, I wouldn't have enjoyed myself so much. Knowing I would visit Landon alone. I was really anxious at first. However, I felt much relieved when my father told me you, his best friend, would take care of me. Despite you tight schedule, you picked me up at the airport and took me to many places of interest. The sight of Landon and your generous hospitality really expressed me.

Many thanks again for doing so much to take me trip to Landon pleasant. I hope I will have a chance to be your guide when you come to QiQihaer next time.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
anxious：焦虑的；
relieved：放心的；
tight：紧的；
picked ... up：接机；
sight：景象；
generous hospitality：热情好客；
```



##	1.	2010 real question

**Direction：**

You have just come back from the U.S, as a member of a Sino-American cultural exchange program. Write a letter to your American colleague to 

1. Express your thanks for his/her warm reception;
2. Welcome him/her to visit China in due course.

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use "Zhang Wei" instead.

Do not write your address.（10 points）

```
解析：
come back from the U.S：从美国回来；
a Sino-American cultural exchange program：中美文化交流项目；
Express your thanks for his/her warm reception：对他/她的热情接待表示感谢；
Welcome him/her to visit China in due course：邀请他/她时事访华；
```

**小作文答题如下：**

Dear Jack,

I would like to convey my heartfelt thanks to you for your warm reception when I participated in the exchange program in your country.

Your generous assistance made it possible for me to have a very pleasant stay and a chance to know American culture better. I deem it is a great honor for me to make friends with you and I will cherish the good-will you showed to me permanent. I do hope that you can visit China someday, so I could have the opportunity to repay your kindness and to be your tour guide and refresh our friendship.

I feel obliged to thank you again. Best wishes to your family.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Zhang Wei</p>

```
解析：
I would like to convey my heartfelt thanks to you for：我想对你表示衷心的感谢；
articipated in the exchange program：参加交换生交流计划；
Your generous assistance made it possible for me to have a very pleasant stay and a chance to know...：您的慷慨帮助使我有一个非常愉快的逗留，并有机会了解...
I deem it is a great honor for me to make friends with you and I will cherish the good-will you showed to me permanent.：我认为与你交朋友是我的荣幸，我会永远珍惜你对我的善意；
reply：报答；
tourguide：导游；
refresh：使...恢复；
I feel obliged to thank you again. Best wishes to your family.：我觉得有必要再次感谢你。 向您的家人致以最良好的祝愿；
```



##	2.	写作范文

Dear Jack,

I‘m writing this letter to express my deepest/sincere thanks for MP3 you sent to me as my birthday gift last Sunday.

How considerate and wonderful of you to remember my birthday. It's one of the most $\underline{\text{(自行填充内容)}}$ present I'd ever got and I like it very much. You have positive genius for selecting the right gift! The four years I spent with you at university have always been the most pleasant period in my life. I will cherish this memory forever.

I'm looking forward to getting lots of use of your thoughtful and practical birthday gift.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Rose</p>

```
解析：
I‘m writing this letter to express my deepest/sincere thanks for ...：我写这封信是为了表达我对 ... 最深切/真诚的感谢；
How considerate and wonderful of you to remember ...：你是多么的体贴和美妙，记得...；
The four years I spent with you at university have always been the most pleasant period in my life. I will cherish this memory forever.：在大学里和你一起度过的四年，一直是我一生中最愉快的时光。 我会永远珍惜这段记忆；
```



#	十.	推荐信 / Letter of recommendation

##	1.	2011 real question

**Direction:**

Write a letter to a friend of yours to 

1. recommend one of your favorite movies and
2. give reasons for your recommendation.

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use "Li Ming" instead.

Do not write your address.（10 points）

```
解析：
a friend of yours：你的一个朋友；
one of your favorite movies：你最喜欢的电影之一；
give reasons：给出原因；
```

**小作文答题如下：**

Dear Molly,

I am writing to you to tell you a marvelous / fantastic movie / film. I have just watched, as we always share the same taste of movies. The movie is Avatar, which tells a story of a soldier who, on an alien planet filled with extic life froms, finds himself torn between two worlds in a fight for the survival of the alien people. Besides the thrilling and touching story, the movie also have bravo visual efforts, thanks to the talented director, and advanced computer technology.

So I recommend it to you as one of the best movies I have ever watched. I'm sure you will love it as much as I do. I'm looking forward to discussing more with you after you watch it.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
I am writing to you to tell you a marvelous / fantastic ...：我写信给你是想告诉你一部精彩的...；
I have just watched, as we always share the same taste of movies：我刚刚看了，因为我们总是分享相同的电影品味。
extic life：外来物种；
torn：撕开；
fight：战斗；
survival：幸存；
thrilling and touching：令人兴奋又有所触动；
bravo：喝彩；
visual efforts：视觉效果；
```



##	2.	2015 real question

**Direction:**

you are going to hold a club reading session. Write an email of about 100 words recommending a book  to the club members.

You should state reasons for your recommendation.

You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. Do not sign you own name at the end of the letter, use "Li Ming" instead. Do not write  the address. （10 points）

```
解析：
a club reading session：俱乐部读书会；
```

**小作文答题如下：**

Dear friends,

I'm writing to tell you a fantastic book I have just read, as we always share the same taste of books. The books is called Journey to the West, which is one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literatures. It tells a story about a Buddhist monk and his three students who are animals but with human characteristics. (They travel west to India to find Buddhist Scriptures.) Besides the touching and thrilling plot, the book also features numerous languages, thanks to the talented author Cheng En Wu.

So I commend it all of you as one of the favorite books that I have ever read. I am sure you will love it as much as I do. I am looking forward to discussing more with you after you read it.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
I'm writing to tell you a fantastic book I have just read, as we always share the same taste of books.:我写信是为了告诉你我刚刚读过的一本很棒的书，因为我们总是分享相同的书籍品味；
Journey to the West：西游记；
the Four Great Classical Novels：四大名著；
Buddhist monk：佛教的和尚；
Buddhist Scriptures：佛经；
Besides the touching and thrilling plot, the book also features numerous languages, thanks to the talented author.：除了感人至深的情节外，本书还采用了多种语言，这要感谢才华横溢的作家；
So I commend it all of you as one of the favorite books that I have ever read. I am sure you will love it as much as I do. I am looking forward to discussing more with you after you read it.：作为我读过的最喜欢的书之一所以我推荐给你。 我相信你会和我一样喜欢它。 期待在您阅读后与您进行更多讨论；
```



#	十一.	推荐信+介绍信

例句（仅参考）：

1. I am confident that with his intelligence, diligence, extensive knowledge and experience,  he has great potential for developing into a toppest scholar.
2. She is highly motivated energetic, reliable and optimistic, and above all she has strong interpersonal skills.
3. With reference to your requirements, I shall, without reservation, recommend ... as an ideal candidate.

```
解析：
extensive：大量的，广泛的；
reference：参照；
reservation：预留；
```



##	0.	推荐信+介绍信模板

Dear xxx,

This letter is in reference to $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$, who $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. He / She is applying for $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. With reference to your requirement, I shall, without reservation, recommend $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

During $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$, I spent considerable time with him / her. He / She $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. I believe he / she will $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

I hope the above information will help you $\underline{\text{( 决定 )}}$. If you $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. Please do not hesitate to contact me.

<p align="right">Yours faithfully,</p>
<p align="right">LiMing</p>



##	1.	写作范文：

Dear Pro.Smith,

I take great pleasure in introducing to you Mr. Li Ming, my classmate and best friend.

He is going to pursue his studies as a postgraduate in your university after his graduation here. We've lived and studied together for almost four years. No friend deserves so much love and respect as he does. His performance in the school years was outstanding. In addition, he has very wonderful personality and staying with him is always pleasant.

Would you give me some guidance regarding the postgraduate entrance examination? If it is convenience, could you introduce him to the future mentor? It would be appreciated of you can give him some help.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Jack</p>

```
解析：
persue：追寻；
No friends deserves so much love and respect as he does. ：没有朋友像他那样值得如此的爱和尊重；
His performance in the school years was outstanding. ：他在校期间的表现非常出色；
In addition, he has very wonderful personality and staying with him is always pleasant.：此外，他的性格非常好，和他在一起总是很愉快；
mentor：指导员；
It would be appreciated of you can give him some help.：如果您能给他一些帮助，将不胜感激。
```



#	十二.	邀请信 / Invitation Letter

写作三步走：

1. 邀请目的；
2. 活动安排；
3. 期待回复；



例句（仅参考）：

1. We would like to extend to you an invatation to ...
2. We should be particularly honored by your distinguished presence.
3. We will cover all the expense involved.
4. I am longing to see you soon.
5. I hope that you won't decline my invitation.

```
解析：
extend to：给予；
distinguished：高尚的；
cover：支付；
decline：谢绝；
```



##	0.	邀请信模板

Dear xxx,

Please allow me to have the honor of inviting you $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

The occasion will start at $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. Following that, $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

We would be particularly honored by your distinguished presence at $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. Please inform me of $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$ here.

<p align="right">Yours faithfully,</p>
<p align="right">Zhang Wei</p>



##	1.	写作范文

**Direction：**

You are going to celebrate your $23^{rd}$ birthday with a big party. Write a letter to invite your friend Anne to  the party. In the letter, please specify the time and the location, explain the activities, and express your wish for her attendance.

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use "Li Ming" instead.

Do not write your address.（10 points）

```
解析：
birthday with a big party：生日派对；
invite your friend Anne：邀请你的朋友安妮；
specify the time and the location, explain the activities, and express your wish for her attendance:指定时间和地点，活动安排，并表达希望她参加的愿望；
```

**小作文答题如下：**

Dear Anne,

I wonder if there is any chance for you to come to my $23^{rd}$ birthday party at my house on this Saturday night. It would be my pleasure to share the important moments with you.

Above all, since you are a fan of pock music, I am glad to tell you that I have invited the famous Pock N Roll band, the "Queen". There are also arrangements for dancing and cake-cutting, which I am sure you will thoroughly enjoy.

The dinner starts at 6 pm, so that we can have a nice and long evening. I would love for you to attend. So please let me know your decision.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Zhang Wei</p>

```
解析：
arrangements：安排；
thoroughly：十分地；
```



#	十三.	投诉信

写作三步走：

1. 说明投诉问题；
2. 描述具体情况；
3. 期待解决方案；



例句（仅参考）：

1. I am sure that there are technical or non-operation errors involved.
2. I hope I can make an investigation into this matter as soon as possible.
3. I hope I can geet my refund as soon as possible.
4. I am most reluctant to complain, but ...
5. One annoying aspect of your service is ...
6. I would like to draw your attention to the problem / fault.
7. I hope that you will give due attention tto this matter.
8. I would like to get this matter solved / settled by the end of this month.

```
解析：
errors：错误；
refund：退款；
reluctant：不情愿；
```



##	0.	投诉信模板

Dear xxx,

This letter is to notify you about a problem I am having with $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

I am dissatisfied with $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$, because $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. I have already attempted to $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. Unfortunately, it seemed that $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

I am sure you will agree that $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. I look forward to your early reply.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">LiMing</p>

```
解析：
notify：通知；
```



##	1.	2012 real question

**Direction：**

Suppose you have found something wrong with the electronic dictionary that you bought from an online store the other day. Write an email to the customer service center to

1. Make a complaint and
2. Demand a prompt solution

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter, Use "Zhang Wei" instead.

```
解析：
the electronic dictionary：电子词典；
online store：网店；
the other day：前几天；
make a complaint：投诉；
demand a prompt solution：要求及时解决；

写作方向：
1. 编号错误；
2. 质量：自动开/关机，电池续航，屏幕；
3. 退款，换新；
```



#	十四.	慰问信

##	1.	写作范文

Dear Li Hua,

I am so sorry to learn of the unfortunate news that you failed in the last CET-6.

I hope you won't feel to discouraged by the result. You know you could have done better had you not been sick during the test day, and you know there will always be another chance to take CET-6. You are just a sophomore now, and you still have plenty of time to prepare for it.

For now, just forget about the test and cheer up. You have more important things to do, such as term papers and final examinations. If there is any I can do. Please tell me.

<p align="right">Yours cordially,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

```
解析：
I am so sorry to learn of the unfortunate news that ...：我很遗憾得知 ... 这个不幸的消息；
I hope you won't feel to discouraged by the result.：我希望你不会因为结果而气馁；
You are just a sophomore now.：你只是个女生；
For now, just forget about the test and cheer up. You have more important things to do,：现在，忘掉考试，振作起来吧。 你有更重要的事情要做；
If there is any I can do. Please tell me.：如果有什么我可以做的。 请告诉我；
```



#	十五.	询问信

例句（仅参考）：

1. Would you mind let me know whether such ... is availabel?
2. It would be grateful if you could provide us with information concerning ...
3. I am writing to see if it is possible for you to provide me what ...
4. Your promote attention to this letter would be highly appreciated.
5. I would be much obliged to you if you could tell me know procedures I have to go though.
6. Please send me a relevant booklet on the above-mentioned aspect.



##	0.	询问信模板

Dear xxx,

I am writing to ask if $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. Since $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. I would be grateful if $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

Would you please spare a few minutes answering a few questions about A and B?

1) $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$?
2) $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$?
3) $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$?

Your prompt attention to this letter would be highly appreciated. I am expecting your early reply.



##	1.	写作范文

Dear Mr. Wang,

As a student of Beijing College of printing, I am current doing a research project on the future of the Printing Industry. I feel that an inside view of the market situation at this time is necessary for me to have a convincing inclusion. So I am eager for your suggestions.

Would you please spare a few minutees answening a few questions about the market for Printing Industry?

1) In general, what chanllenges is the Printing Industry facing at the time, and what types of strategies are being used to meet them?
2) What types of technologies are essential to this industry at present and what technologies do you feel will play an vital role in the near future?
3) If you would kindly take the time to answer these questions, I'd venture to hope you can reply it before the end of $\underline{\text{( 月份 )}}$ the deadline of my report.

Your prompt attention to this letter would be highly appreciated. I am expecting your early reply.

```
解析：
inside view：内部情况；
strategies：策略；
the deadline of my report：报告的最后期限；
Your prompt attention to this letter would be highly appreciated. I am expecting your early reply.：非常感谢您对这封信的及时关注。 我期待着您的早日答复；
```



#	十六.	冷门

##	1.	便签

例句（仅参考）：

1. Please come straight to ... at ..., and I will be waiting for you.
2. I am sorry that I cannot pass the message to you in your presence, because I was ordered to do something urgent.
3. I am enclosing here with a certificate from doctor who is attending me.
4. I hope my enforced absence will not give you any serious inconvenience.
5. If possible, please give me a call and I will come by your hourse to pick up.



###	0.	便签模板

Dear xxx,

The note is to $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$. I will $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

I am sorry that I cannot pass the message to you in your present because $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$.

<p align="right">Yours,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>



##	2.	告示

写作三步走：

 	1. 开场大气，利益众生，"为了...我们才..."，提升能力/增长见识(户外活动) enrich widen horizon；
 	2. 例举需求：个人能力，国籍，礼仪，专业素养，性格(耐心，热心)，35岁以下，中英

告示：

 	1. 写明相关信息：时间，地点；
 	2. 简单说明活动内容/背景；
 	3. data；

Tips：

 	1. 标题：
 	2. 人员细节（requirement），相关好处，抽象；



###	0.	告示 / 通知模板

Announcement

目的：主题

1. $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$
2. $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$
3. $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$
4. $\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$

<p align="right">The Students' Union</p>



###	1.	2010 real question

You are supposed  to write for the postgraduate association a notice to recruit volunteers for an international conference on globalization. The notice should include the basic qualification for applicants and the other  information which you think is relevant.

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use "postgraduate association" instead.（10 point）

```
解析：
postgraduate association：研究生协会；
recruit volunteers for an international conference on globalization：为全球化国际会议招募志愿者
basic qualification：基本资格；
```

**小作文答题如下：**

<p align="center">Volunteers wanted</p>

To improve students' ability and enrich extracurricular activities (widen our horizon). the postgraduate's association is recruiting volunteers for an international conference on globalization to be held on August 8, 2010 in Beijing. To begin with, applicants should have chinese nationality, a strong professional spirit cheerful personality, and be aged under 35. In addition, candidates must have brilliant (outstanding) skills at English listening comprehension and the ability to speak mandarin and English fluently. 

Finally, students with relevant professional experience are preferred. Everybody is welcome to join in it.

<p align="right">postgraduate association</p>

```
解析：
extracurricular：课外的；
conference：联盟；
globalization：全球化；
To begin with：首先；
professional：专业的；
comprehension：理解；
mandarin ：普通话；
```



###	2.	2015 real question

**Directions:**

Suppose your university is going to host a summer camp for high school students. Write a notice to 

1. briefly introduce the camp activities and 
2. call for volunteers.

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.

Do not sign your own name or the name of your university.

Do not write your address.（10 points）

```
解析：
开场目的：1. 提升能力；2. 丰富的活动；
夏令营的方向：活动少，学术/演讲/辩论，团队小组；
入营收获：1. 展现能力；2. 提高时间能力；3. 增强责任感，accountability；4. 培养人际关系，interpersonal relationship；

is going to host a summer camp for high school students：将为高中生举办夏令营活动；
introduce the camp activities：介绍夏令营；
call for volunteers：征集志愿者；
```

**小作文答题如下：**

<p align="center">Notice</p>

In order to improve high school students' ability and enrich their after-class activities, our university is going to hold a summer camp in our campus during this summer vacation. These high school students will be involved in various activities, including taking part in speeches and debates, attending group discussions, and so on. First of all, a variety of activities organized by us could show their outstanding ability and to assist them develop a range of practical skills. What's more, their active participation can support in strengthening the sense of accountability and developing interpersonal relationships.

Come and join us now!

<p align="right">The Students' Union</p>

```
解析：
improve high school students' ability and enrich their after-class activities：提高高中生能力，丰富课后活动；
summer vacation：暑假；
be involved in：包括；
taking part in speeches and debates, attending group discussions，and so on：参加演讲和辩论，参加小组讨论等；
show their outstanding ability and to assist them develop a range of practical skills：展示他们杰出的能力，并帮助他们发展一系列的实践技能；
participation：参加；
strengthening the sense of accountability and developing interpersonal relationship：加强责任感，发展人际关系；
```



##	3.	海报

###	0.	海报模板

Frame：标题

叙事 / 主题

Time：$\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$

Place：$\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$

Contact：$\underline{\text{( 内容自行补充 )}}$

Don't miss the opportunity of xxx!

<p align="right">The Students' Union</p>

